style-guide: Add chapter about formatting for nightly-only syntax (#111119)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/style-guide/src/nightly.md

> The style guide does not prescribe formatting for nightly-only syntax. Refer to
> the style team policy for nightly formatting procedure regarding breaking
> formatter changes and feature stabilization.

Author: ```suggestion
Refer to
the style team policy for nightly formatting procedure regarding breaking
formatter changes and feature stabilization.

Style for nightly-only syntax should not be integrated into the style guide until stabilization of the syntax. Instead, style for nightly syntax may be staged below when it has been authored, in a section titled with the feature gate name and tracking issue.
```

Author: Thoughts @joshtriplett?

Author: Actually, may take a second to integrate the text you shared below.

Author: Done.
